# Scaffolding MC (1.15.2 ONLY!!!!)

A minecraft server with the main purpose being previewing map files. VERY EARLY ALPHA STAGE!

What currently works:

- Reading region files (only with both x and y positive)
- Sending rudimentary chunk data
- Login in both online and offline mode
- Multiple clients at the same time
- Keepalive

What needs to be done:

- Clients seeing each other
- Getting player position and updating what chunks get sent
- Sending empty chunks at the edges
- Negative positions for region files that actually work (currently the chunks are in a wrong order)
- Streaming of chunk data rather than pregeneration (That was a lazy hack)
- Significant reduction of memory usage (this goes back to the previous point)
- Time of day locking
- Toggling flights for the clients
- Support for versions other than 1.15.2
- (maybe) chat
- (unlikely) discord integration for chat

## How to use it?

Generally, you shouldn't right now. If you really want, build the project simply by running `go build *.go`

The config file included in this repo should be self-explanatory. The `x` and `y` positions are in reference to chunks not blocks.

You will also need a special file generated by the real minecraft server that contains information on block states and their IDs. Follow instructions at this link: https://wiki.vg/Data_Generators#Blocks_report . **YOU MUST USE 1.15.2!!!!!!** Then create a folder next to the server binary called `registries`. In that folder, create a folder called `578` (578 is the protocol version for 1.15.2). In that folder, put the `blocks.json` file.

Once you have the config file, the map files and the registry file, you should be able to just run the server. Join, look for bugs, and have fun!
